no public statements and very few Smiles
as the US Secretary of State sits down
to meet with the foreign Ministers of
turkey Palestine cter Saudi Arabia
Jordan and Egypt the resolution's
authors this meeting happening just
moments after the US vetoed a ceasefire
resolution at the United Nations
against a ceasefire that is their main
demand we believe there is a moral
obligation toward the International
Community to stop the killing of the
civilian Palestinian civilians and it's
the first time at least in my lifetime
that I have seen that calling for a Seas
fire became a controversial issue theirs
was a unified message to the press and
policy experts warning that what they
see as a double standard and refusal to
call for a ceasefire is costing the
United States credibility worldwide I'm
not sure
how deep is the understanding here of
what's happening on the ground in Gaza
uh I mean this war has broken every
record uh largest number of journalists
killed largest number of of of hospitals
destroyed L largest number of Medics
killed largest number of un employees
killed they argued the Biden
Administration is not using its
influence with Israel enough our message
has been very clear there needs to be an
immediate ceasefire there needs to be a
cessation of hostilities and uh we need
to have immediate access for
humanitarian Aid it is not acceptable we
did hear them say that there will be a
need to hold the International Community
to account without detailing exactly
what that might look like but they did
warn that the hatred in the region is
growing by the day and the long-term
impact they are afraid this has wiped
out 30 years of work and that an entire
generation now will no longer be able to
even imagine the possibility of Peace
Patty khane Al jazer at the state
department
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer